welcome to build your tribe my name is
shelene Johnson my name is Brock Johnson
and Brock doesn't even know what we're
talking about today today we're going to
be talking about the future of gas
prices as it relates to Instagram he
just walked in the door and I was like
good I'm glad you're here because I want
to talk about what it is we need to do
on build your tribe so this is this
thing that maybe some of you who also
have a podcast that's on YouTube and an
audio podcast so we have two different
types of dilemmas first of all when it's
YouTube you can see very specifically
what episodes are popular and which ones
aren't and with the audio podcast you
can't yeah with audio it's just the
title that you're basing your decisions
to like listen off of but with YouTube
you're you're I feel like very much
drawn in to listen to certain episodes
because one episode's got 17,000 listens
and one's got like 300 yeah yeah yeah
and people don't see that on audio
podcast so and this is happening on my
shelene Show podcast as well so we're
looking at the data we need your opinion
we want your feedback okay so we're
asking you to vote we're asking you to
give us your feedback below this episode
you will see a link it's a very very
quick brief survey it'll take you less
than a minute but you can help us change
the direction or I should say form the
direction of build your tribe typically
what we've done is a mix of business and
marketing and launch strategies and kind
of like the whole umbrella of what it
takes to run an online business whether
it's e-commerce Drop Shipping or how to
write and publish your own
self-published book and everything in
between Instagram nitty-gritty
strategies but also like business advice
so literally everything having to do
with business everything related to like
making money basically online we've had
lots of interviews with great
entrepreneurs talking about YouTube
Instagram different ways that you can
make money online we've talked about
like how to hire how to hire a VA like
so many different topics and the show's
done really well then we switched to
putting the episode on YouTube MH and I
did that on the shene show too and now
we have found that we're we're noticing
that the episodes that do really well on
YouTube are related to social media and
our our thought was okay so then should
we just do a lot more episodes on social
media strategy yeah and but but our
question is like but now then are we is
that what the audio audience wants as
well is that our long-term listeners
want yeah we want to make sure that
we're walking this fine line between
being growth oriented being able to have
success on YouTube because we don't want
to waste our time and our energy
recording videos if they're not going to
perform well but also we don't want to
just purely cater to the YouTube
algorithm because what we do notice is
that the things that work well on
YouTube don't work as well with audio
and I think a big part of that is
because on audio people have been
subscribers to us for quite a while and
they listen to all the episodes and so
they've kind of gone through this with
us and they're ready for those Advanced
topics whereas on YouTube oftentimes
YouTube's all about the search engine
it's all about ranking the video it's
all about what clickable thumbnail and
title are you using and so we're just
trying to walk that line and we would
love your feedback whether you're
listening on audio or you are watching
on YouTube as to kind of where we should
go with this it's a super quick survey
and we will share the results of it and
I i' love to hear from those of you in
the audience who are also you you have
your own podcast and you're seeing this
happening and you're struggling with the
same kind of decisions because
unfortunately Apple unfortunately the
way audio podcasts are set up all you
like if people subscribe you just get
the downloads so you're really not
getting that granular information the
detailed information that would help us
to decide like what does the audience
really want and so you get to give us
your input by answering the survey
please click the link in the the show
description it'll be below the video on
Youtube it'll be in the show description
on whatever podcast app you're listening
to this and we're going to share the
results because I think it'll help many
of you it'll take less than a minute and
we really we promise whatever our
audience the majority of our audience
says that they want that's what we're
going to give you and maybe it's a
little bit of both you know um but by
answering these questions you will
you'll be helping us out a lot so thank
you for being a supporter of build your
tribe we both really appreciate it yep
means the world to us it is our goal to
be brief to be bright to make it fun and
then be done we're done and as always
happy networking one there we go oh
you're not in the shot at all oh now we
got a dog crying you jie I keep Yuki
go oh wow I'm G to have to get up on a
stool no why do you sit on one sit
yeah I like your outfit what are we
talking about thank you okay
so
[Music]
yeah